README.md, before:

# BitAztec

Personal Bitcoin vendor.

---

Built by: github.com/ernestocr

---

### TODO:

- deploy
- change smtp to godaddy (useless)
- simple notification system
- QR code scanner -> address
  - JS https://cirocosta.github.io/qcode-decoder/
- Put address on completion
- implement frontend design

### DONE:

* buy page btc/peso calculator
* mail system
  * user registration/confirmation [b-u]
  * new order/pending order [b-a]
  * order complete [b-u]
  * order expired [b-u]
  * new message [b-a, b-u]
  * revoke order
* translate to spanish
* order history pagination
* add a lighthouse for order images
* Validate btc address
* Delete method for accounts
* Error messages for forms
* Completion datetime
* CLABE (18), cuenta bancaria, # de tarjeta
* listado de dueños de cuentas
* authorizedby
* image upload system (múltiple files)
* order message history
* link to blockchain.info upon order completion
* implement order expiration mechanism
* transition to simpleform
* restructure payment method list
* add date display method
* change user facing route names to spanish

Commit message:

added dynamic titles and some other stuff

README.md, after:

# BitAztec

Personal Bitcoin vendor.

---

Built by: github.com/ernestocr

---

### TODO:

- add better titles
- add favicon
- add SSL (free)
- setup domain email and use smtp
- simple notification system
  - waiting for UI
- QR code scanner -> address
  - JS https://cirocosta.github.io/qcode-decoder/
  - Not working, but there is a way...
- Put address on completion
- implement frontend design

### DONE:

* deploy
* buy page btc/peso calculator
* mail system
  * user registration/confirmation [b-u]
  * new order/pending order [b-a]
  * order complete [b-u]
  * order expired [b-u]
  * new message [b-a, b-u]
  * revoke order
* translate to spanish
* order history pagination
* add a lighthouse for order images
* Validate btc address
* Delete method for accounts
* Error messages for forms
* Completion datetime
* CLABE (18), cuenta bancaria, # de tarjeta
* listado de dueños de cuentas
* authorizedby
* image upload system (múltiple files)
* order message history
* link to blockchain.info upon order completion
* implement order expiration mechanism
* transition to simpleform
* restructure payment method list
* add date display method
* change user facing route names to spanish
